### Conceptual Exercise

Answer the following questions below:

- What is a JWT?
JSON-based open standard for passing claims between parties in web application environment

- What is the signature portion of the JWT?  What does it do?
Portion of the signature is generated by combining the header, body, and a shared private key, using  a hashing method sample.
- If a JWT is intercepted, can the attacker see what's inside the payload?
yes
- How can you implement authentication with a JWT?  Describe how it works at a high level.

To authenticate a user, a client application must send a JWT in the authorization header of the HTTP request to your backend. Then we use an authentication middleware to validate the token and protect our routes

- Compare and contrast unit, integration and end-to-end tests.

unit and integration tests both run locally, with unit testing covering EVERYTHING in your code while integration tests verify interacting pieces of code like service/API interactions. E2E tests your code as if it were a user. 

- What is a mock? What are some things you would mock?
A mock object is not just an object with known values. It is an object that has the same interface as a complex object that you cannot use in test (like a database connection and result sets), but with an implementation that you can control in your test.

- What is continuous integration?
 The practice of merging all developers' working copies to a shared mainline several times a day. Nowadays it is typically implemented in such a way that it triggers an automated build with testing.

- What is an environment variable and what are they used for?
.env file,  these are variables available to your program/application dynamically during runtime, which are used to store app secrets or configuration data

- What is TDD? What are some benefits and drawbacks?
Test-driven development (TDD) is a coding practice where you write the result you want your program to produce before creating the program.

Pros: You understand the purpose of your program 
cons: it's harder

- What is the value of using JSONSchema for validation?

- What are some ways to decide which code to test?
test what will give you more confidence that the app works as intended

- What does `RETURNING` do in SQL? When would you use it?
The RETURNING clause allows you to retrieve values of columns (and expressions based on columns) that were modified by an insert, delete or update. Without RETURNING, you would have to run a SELECT statement after the DML statement is completed, in order to obtain the values of the changed columns. 
 
- What are some differences between Web Sockets and HTTP?

Both HTTP and web sockets are communication protocols that work with the intention of enabling the client to server communication. Their differences include the type of duplex communication,  transmission mode, and use cases. In HTTP protocol, the server responds after the client’s requests and the connection terminates after one request and response. In the case of web sockets, however, the server keeps sending information until either of them stops.

- Did you prefer using Flask over Express? Why or why not (there is no right
  answer here --- we want to see how you think about technology)? flask but only because it felt so simple, less steps to do the same, but it was less elegant. 
